README.md, before:


# English Textbooks

- Collins Cobuild Advanced Learner’s Dictionary
- Oxford Primary Dictionary
- Collins Cobuild English Grammar
- Collins Common Errors in English
- Oxford Essential Guide to Writing
- The Elements of Style
- Oxford Dictionary of Word Origins
- Schaum's Outline of English Grammar
- (Cambridge) English Vocabulary in Use: Elementary/ Intermediate/ Upper-intermediate/Advanced
- (Cambridge) Academic Vocabulary in Use with Answers
- Everything You Need to Ace (Series)


# Textbooks of Calculus

1. General One Variable Calculus:
    - The Calculus Lifesaver - Adrian Banner
    - Thomas’ Calculus - Joel Hass, Christopher Heil, et al.
    - Introduction to Calculus and Analysis Volume I - Richard Courant, Fritz John

2. Linear Algebra – Serge LANG
3. Calculus of Several Variables:
    - Calculus of Several Variables – Serge LANG
    - Introduction to Calculus and Analysis Volume II - Richard Courant, Fritz John
4. Functional Analysis An Introductory Course - Sergei Ovchinnikov
5. Partial Differential Equations for Scientists and Engineers - Stanley J. Farlow
6. Tensors The Mathematics of Relativity Theory and Continuum Mechanics - Anadijiban Das

# Textbooks of Computer Science

- Ubuntu Linux Bible
- Linux Command Line and Shell Scripting Bible
- C Programming Language – ANSI C
- An Introduction to GCC: For the GNU Compilers GCC and G++
- Introducing Python: Modern Computing in Simple Packages
- Learning PHP, MySQL & JavaScript - A Step-by-Step Guide to Creating Dynamic Websites
- Learning Java - An Introduction to Real-World Programming with Java
- Learning the Vi and Vim Editors
- Scientific Computing with Python(High-performance scientific computing with NumPy, SciPy and pandas)
- C++ Primer
- Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C
- Create GUI Applications with Python & Qt6 (PyQt6 Edition)
- Managing Projects with GNU Make: The Power of GNU Make for Building Anything
- Git Essentials (Ferdinando Santacroce)
- Modern CMake for C++: Discover a better approach to building, testing, and packaging your software
- Modern Computer Architecture and Organization: Learn x86, ARM, and RISC-V architectures and the design of smartphones, PCs, and cloud servers
- LaTeX Beginner's Guide: Create visually appealing texts, articles, and books for business and science using LaTeX


<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add think and deep leaning python.

README.md, after:


# English Textbooks

- Collins Cobuild Advanced Learner’s Dictionary
- Oxford Primary Dictionary
- Collins Cobuild English Grammar
- Collins Common Errors in English
- Oxford Essential Guide to Writing
- The Elements of Style
- Oxford Dictionary of Word Origins
- Schaum's Outline of English Grammar
- (Cambridge) English Vocabulary in Use: Elementary/ Intermediate/ Upper-intermediate/Advanced
- (Cambridge) Academic Vocabulary in Use with Answers
- Everything You Need to Ace in One Big Fat Notebook (Series)


# Textbooks of Calculus

1. General One Variable Calculus:
    - The Calculus Lifesaver - Adrian Banner
    - Thomas’ Calculus - Joel Hass, Christopher Heil, et al.
    - Introduction to Calculus and Analysis Volume I - Richard Courant, Fritz John

2. Linear Algebra – Serge LANG
3. Calculus of Several Variables:
    - Calculus of Several Variables – Serge LANG
    - Introduction to Calculus and Analysis Volume II - Richard Courant, Fritz John
4. Functional Analysis An Introductory Course - Sergei Ovchinnikov
5. Partial Differential Equations for Scientists and Engineers - Stanley J. Farlow
6. Tensors The Mathematics of Relativity Theory and Continuum Mechanics - Anadijiban Das

# Textbooks of Computer Science

- Ubuntu Linux Bible
- Linux Command Line and Shell Scripting Bible
- C Programming Language – ANSI C
- An Introduction to GCC: For the GNU Compilers GCC and G++
- Think Python
- Introducing Python: Modern Computing in Simple Packages
- Python Programming and Numerical Methods: A Guide for Engineers and Scientists
- Scientific Computing with Python(High-performance scientific computing with NumPy, SciPy and pandas)
- Create GUI Applications with Python & Qt6 (PyQt6 Edition)
- Deep Learning with Python (Francois Chollet)
- Learning PHP, MySQL & JavaScript - A Step-by-Step Guide to Creating Dynamic Websites
- Learning Java - An Introduction to Real-World Programming with Java
- Learning the Vi and Vim Editors
- C++ Primer
- Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C
- Managing Projects with GNU Make: The Power of GNU Make for Building Anything
- Git Essentials (Ferdinando Santacroce)
- Modern CMake for C++: Discover a better approach to building, testing, and packaging your software
- Modern Computer Architecture and Organization: Learn x86, ARM, and RISC-V architectures and the design of smartphones, PCs, and cloud servers
- LaTeX Beginner's Guide: Create visually appealing texts, articles, and books for business and science using LaTeX


<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.
